s: " les préférences des enfants tchèques de 12 à 15 ans sont loin , au plan d' une alimentation saine , de l' idéal " .
g: "Preferences of Czech children aged 12 to 15 years are far, in terms of a healthy diet, the ideal."
p: " the preferences of czech children from 12 to 15 years are far , plan of healthy eating , the ideal " .

s: parmi leurs plats préférés il y a beaucoup de gâteaux , des viandes et des sucreries .
g: among their favorite dishes there are a lot of cakes, meats and sweets.
p: among their favourite meals there is a lot of cakes , meat and sweets .

s: la styliste doit savoir comment optiquement ammenuiser des bras larges , prolonger un cou ou bien rajouter des courbes nécessaires .
g: the designer must know how optically ammenuiser wide arm, extend the neck or add curves required.
p: the designer must know how optically arm wide , a neck or add curves necessary .

s: cette fois nous avons avec la directrice alenka ( au cours il n' y a aucun garçon ) traité de la façon d' habiller la femme qui n' a pas de mensurations standards .
g: this time we have with the director alenka (over there no boys) treated the way to dress the woman who has no standard measurements.
p: this time we have with the director alenka ( in there is no boy ) treaty of how to dress the woman who has no measurements standards .

s: ou bien il suffit de remonter les manches ou le col et avoir immédiatement un nouveau look .
g: or simply holding sleeves or neck and immediately have a new look.
p: or enough to walk up the collar , sleeves or immediately and have a new look .

s: et les visages connus les considèrent parfois comme inutiles ( il suffit que je connaisse quelque chose mais ce que je parais passe au deuxième rang ) .
g: and faces known sometimes perceived as useless (just that I know anything but what I seem given second place).
p: and the familiar faces sometimes regard as useless ( anything but i know what i ’ve happening in the second largest ) .

s: " quand une manager vous demande de lui trier son armoire et la remplir de nouveaux éléments vous ne pouvez pas tout jeter et lui dire , mon dieu quelle horreur . "
g: "When a manager asks you to sort her wardrobe and fill it with new elements you can not throw it and say, my god what a horror."
p: " when a manager asks you to sort his wardrobe and the complete new elements you ca n't just throw and tell him , my god horror . "

s: mario m' a fait plaisir lorsqu'il m' a félicité pour ma création .
g: mario made me happy when he congratulated me on my creation.
p: mario i was glad when congratulated me for my creation .

s: a l' origine une course sans problème se transforme à cause d' un ensemble d' erreurs stupides de personnes qui n' en ont rien à faire en un déplacement matinal routinier au travail .
g: originally a trouble-free race turns because of a series of stupid mistakes of people who don 't have anything to do routine work morning shift.
p: originally a race without problem due to a set of stupid mistakes with people who have nothing to do in a routine early to work .

s: comme cela se fait déjà dans la série nfs , le résultat est complètement autre que ce que l' on atttendait .
g: as is done already in the NFS series, the result is completely different than what we atttendait.
p: as has already been done in the series nfs , the outcome is completely different that .

s: l' idée a des éléments intéressants .
g: the idea has interesting elements.
p: the idea of interesting points .

s: le joueur n' a pas le sentiment un seul instant que le jeu lui propose quelque chose d' identique .
g: the player does not feel for a moment that the game offers him something similar.
p: the player did not feel that the proposes something of identical .

s: enfin ce n' est pas le bout du monde .
g: Finally, this is not the end of the world.
p: lastly , this is not the end of the world .

s: par exemple dans le désert vous vous retrouvez dans un tempête de sable qui vous diminue de façon sensible la visibilité .
g: for example in the desert you find yourself in a sand storm that reduces your visibility significantly.
p: for example in the desert you find yourself in a sandstorm you declines significantly the visibility .

s: et vous ne le regretterez pas car l' habillement qui tombe impeccablement est inestimable .
g: and you will not regret it because the clothing that falls impeccably is priceless.
p: and you will not regret it because clothing falling impeccably is priceless .

s: l' enquête a montré également que les enfants sont prêts à changer leurs habitudes à partir du moment où ils reçoivent les informations ad hoc .
g: the survey also found that children are willing to change their habits from the time they receive adequate information.
p: the survey showed that children are ready to change their habits if they receive information ad hoc .

s: on fait état en israël d' une possible attaque des établissements nucléaires iraniens .
g: there are reports in Israel of a possible attack on Iranian nuclear facilities.
p: are reported in israel to a possible attack on the iranian nuclear facilities .

s: les tchèques se sont qualifiés pour l' euro .
g: Czech qualified for the euro.
p: the czechs have qualified for the euro .

s: l' économie grecque a chuté de 5,2 % .
g: the Greek economy shrank by 5.2%.
p: the greek economy has fallen by 5.2 % .

s: des voix se font entendre en allemagne pour dire que la bce devrait être la garantie de dernière instance .
g: voices are heard in Germany to say that the ecb should be the guarantee of last resort.
p: they have won 1:0 in montenegro and celebrating the qualification for 200 million

s: le marché obligataire bat tous les records .
g: the bond market breaks all records.
p: the bond market beats all records .

s: l' économie tchèque a stagné ce dernier trimestre , alors que la france et l' allemagne sont en croissance .
g: the Czech economy stalled last quarter, while France and Germany are growing.
p: the czech economy stagnated last quarter , while france and germany are growing .

s: chacun des états a publié les informations reltives au pib pour les 3 a.
g: each state has released information reltives GDP for 3 a.
p: each state has published the information to gdp 3 a.

s: tymoshenko a été condamnée en octobre à 7 ans de prison pour avoir conclu un accord à priori désavantageux avec la russie pour l' achat de gaz naturel .
g: tymoshenko was sentenced in October to 7 years in prison for entering into an agreement with russia priori disadvantageous for the purchase of natural gas.
p: in october tymosenko was sentenced to seven years in prison for reaching an agreement in essence disadvantageous with russia for the purchase of natural gas .

s: la libération ou rebellion libyenne a déjà ses vaincus .
g: Libyan liberation or rebellion already has its losers.
p: the release or rebellion libyan has already overcome .

s: il aurait fallu 226 voix pour l' approuver .
g: would have needed 226 votes to approve it.
p: it would have taken 226 votes to approve it .

s: il reste à déterminer les vainqueurs .
g: it remains to determine the winners.
p: it remains to determine the winners .

s: une tornade de la statistique est passée mardi sur l' europe .
g: a tornado of Statistics rose Tuesday on europe.
p: a tornado statistics has gone tuesday on europe .
